=head1 NAME

XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken - Base for WSS Security Tokens

=head1 INHERITANCE

 XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken is extended by
   XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::X509v3

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # either
  use XML::Compile::WSS::Util qw/XTP10_X509v3/;
  my $token = XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken->new(type => XTP10_X509v3, ...);

  # or
  use XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::X509v3;
  my $token = XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::X509v3->new(...);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 Supported token types

=over 4

=item * X509v3, see L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::X509v3|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::X509v3>

=back

=head2 Not supporter (yet)

Other token types, found in the documentation, but not (yet) supported:

=over 4

=item * LTPA: Lightweight Third Party Authentication (version 1)

=item * LTPAv2: Lightweight Third Party Authentication version 2

=back

Hire me to implement these!

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Constructors

=over 4

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken-E<gt>B<fromBinSecToken>(WSS, DATA)

Convert the information of a binary security token, where DATA is
produced by the L<XML::Compile|XML::Compile> reader, to a security token.

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken-E<gt>B<fromConfig>(CONFIG, OPTIONS)

Try to be very flexible.  CONFIG can be a HASH, which could also be
passed to L<new()|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Constructors"> directly.  But it can also be various kinds of
objects.

 -Option--Default
  type    XTP10_X509v3

=over 2

=item type => CONSTANT

[1.07] the type of the security token.

=back

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

 -Option--Default
  binary  undef
  id      'my-token'
  type    XTP10_X509v3

=over 2

=item binary => BYTES

=item id => wsu::Id

=item type => TOKENTYPE

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<id>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<type>()

=back

=head2 Handlers

=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<asBinary>()

Returns the token information, to be used in a "BinarySecurityToken"
object.  Returned is the EncodingType used (may be undef) and the
encoded data as by preference of the token type.

=item $obj-E<gt>B<makeBinSecTokenWriter>(WSS)

Returns a CODE which is used to produced a BinarySecurityToken child for
the Security header.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of XML-Compile-WSS-Signature distribution version 1.07,
built on January 14, 2013. Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/xml-compile/>

Other distributions in this suite:
L<XML::Compile>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP12>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::Daemon>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::WSA>,
L<XML::Compile::C14N>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS::Signature>,
L<XML::Compile::Tester>,
L<XML::Compile::Cache>,
L<XML::Compile::Dumper>,
L<XML::Compile::RPC>,
L<XML::Rewrite>,
L<XML::eXistDB>,
and
L<XML::LibXML::Simple>.

Please post questions or ideas to the mailinglist at
F<http://lists.scsys.co.uk/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/xml-compile>

For live contact with other developers, visit the C<#xml-compile> channel
on C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2012-2013 by [Mark Overmeer]. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

