=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey - WSS Encrypted Keys

=head1 INHERITANCE

 XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey
   is a XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=head1 DESCRIPTION

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"DESCRIPTION">.
 
=head2 Supported token types

=over 4

=item * AEOP

=back

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Supported token types">.
 
=head2 Not supporter (yet)

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Not supporter (yet)">.
 
=head1 METHODS

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"METHODS">.
 
=head2 Constructors

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Constructors">.
 
=over 4

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey-E<gt>B<fromConfig>(CONFIG, OPTIONS)

See L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Constructors">

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey-E<gt>B<new>(OPTIONS)

 -Option     --Defined in                 --Default
  binary       XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken  undef
  encoding     XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken  WSM10_BASE64
  fingerprint  XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken  undef
  id           XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken  'my-token'
  key                                       <required>
  key_info                                  <constructed>
  signer                                    <required>
  type         XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken  XENC_RSA_OAEP
  uri          XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken  <unique>

=over 2

=item binary => BYTES

=item encoding => WSM10*

=item fingerprint => STRING

=item id => wsu::Id

=item key => STRING

The binary key used to sign.

=item key_info => HASH

=item signer => HASH|L<XML::Compile::WSS::Sign|XML::Compile::WSS::Sign>-object

This signer encrypts the key which use used, for instance, in HMAC.

=item type => TOKENTYPE

=item uri => NAME

=back

=back

=head2 Attributes

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Attributes">.
 
=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<encoding>()

See L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Attributes">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<fingerprint>()

See L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Attributes">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<id>()

See L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Attributes">

=item $obj-E<gt>B<key>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<keyInfo>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<signer>()

=item $obj-E<gt>B<type>()

See L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Attributes">

=back

=head2 Handlers

See L<documentation in the base class|XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Handlers">.
 
=over 4

=item $obj-E<gt>B<asBinary>()

See L<XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken/"Handlers">

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey-E<gt>B<getChecker>(WSS, OPTIONS)

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey-E<gt>B<getEncrypter>(WSS, OPTIONS)

Not for end-users.  Returns the CODE which returns the object which
handles encryption or decryption of the key.

=item XML::Compile::WSS::SecToken::EncrKey-E<gt>B<getKey>(WSS, OPTIONS)

Not for end-users.  Returns the CODE to produce the decrypted key.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

This module is part of XML-Compile-WSS-Signature distribution version 2.01,
built on October 11, 2013. Website: F<http://perl.overmeer.net/xml-compile/>

Other distributions in this suite:
L<XML::Compile>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP12>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::Daemon>,
L<XML::Compile::SOAP::WSA>,
L<XML::Compile::C14N>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS>,
L<XML::Compile::WSS::Signature>,
L<XML::Compile::Tester>,
L<XML::Compile::Cache>,
L<XML::Compile::Dumper>,
L<XML::Compile::RPC>,
L<XML::Rewrite>
and
L<XML::LibXML::Simple>.

Please post questions or ideas to the mailinglist at
F<http://lists.scsys.co.uk/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/xml-compile> .
For live contact with other developers, visit the C<#xml-compile> channel
on C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 LICENSE

Copyrights 2012-2013 by [Mark Overmeer]. For other contributors see ChangeLog.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
See F<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

